.TH LO 1 "September 23 2012" "Version 1.0.3" "LO Manual Pages"

.SH NAME
lo - a set of shell scripts to help organize youtube links, to make the
download of them using youtube-dl and a UI.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lo
[\-v] [\-\-version] [\-l] [\-\-license] [--verbose]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
LO is the \fILink Organizer\fP. It is used to get the video data.
.PP
The data obtained are stores in a script file that runs youtube-dl with
the correct parameters.
All the data are stored in the actual directory, occult files.
.PP
On the current version you can make a backup of the data of the 
directory that you are working.


.SH OPTIONS
LO accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B \-v, \-\-version
Output version information and exit. When combined with the \fB\-\-verbose\fP
option, version information about libraries/apps used on the development
of LO is shown too.
.TP 8
.B \-\-license
Output license information and exit.

.SH FILES
LO's data files are stored in the actual directory that you are with the
terminal

The configuration is read in from the user's init file,
\fB$HOME\fP/.config/linkorganizer.

\fB$HOME\fP/.config/linkorganizer/settings - holds settings of the way
to get the data and the option to make or no the backup of the data.

LO's backup files are stored in $HOME/.linkorganizer/data/backup on the
model $(pwd)_$(date +%d-%m-%Y_%H-%M-%S).$RANDOM.tar.gz


.SH SUGGESTIONS AND BUG REPORTS
Any bugs found should be reported to my email <italoneypessoa@gmail.com>
with the subject: [LO BUG] and a "brief summary"

When reporting LO bugs, it is important to include a reliable way to
reproduce the bug, version number of LO, OS name and version.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2012 Italo Pessoa.  License GPLv3: GNU GPL 
version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>. This is free 
software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO 
WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.SH OTHER INFO
LO is a Free Software, then if you want contribute, please contact me.

.SH AUTHORS
Write by Italo Pessoa <italoneypessoa@gmail.com>