# -*- pod -*-
=head1 NAME

lo - a set of shell scripts to help organize youtube links, to make the
download of them using youtube-dl and a UI.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

	lo [-v] [--version] [-l] [--license] [--verbose]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

lo is the I<Link Organizer>. It is used to get the video data.

The data obtained are stores in a script file that runs youtube-dl with
the correct parameters.
All the data are stored in the actual directory, occult files.

On the current version you can make a backup of the data of the 
directory that you are working.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<lo> accepts the following options:

=over

=item -v, --version

Output version information and exit. When combined with the B<--verbose>
option, version information about libraries/apps used on the development
of lo is shown too.

=item -l, --license

Output license information and exit.

=item -c, --configure

Change the configurations

=back

=head1 FILES

lo's data files are stored in the actual directory that you are with the
terminal

The configuration is read in from the user's init file,
B<$HOME>/.config/linkorganizer.

B<$HOME>/.config/linkorganizer/settings - holds settings of the way
to get the data and the option to make or no the backup of the data.

lo's backup files are stored in $HOME/.linkorganizer/data/backup on the
model $(pwd)_$(date +%d-%m-%Y_%H-%M-%S).$RANDOM.tar.gz


=head1 SUGGESTIONS AND BUG REPORTS

Any bugs found should be reported to my email <italoneypessoa@gmail.com>
with the subject: [LO BUG] and a "brief summary"

When reporting LO bugs, it is important to include a reliable way to
reproduce the bug, version number of LO, OS name and version.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2012 Italo Pessoa.  License GPLv3: GNU GPL 
version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>. This is free 
software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO 
WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

=head1 OTHER INFO

lo is a Free Software, then if you want contribute, please contact me.

=head1 AUTHORS

Write by Italo Pessoa <italoneypessoa@gmail.com>
